Don't give it to Uncle Wang Yu
Let him stop being you
Thank you uncle
Wait a minute if someone asks you for your phone
Just give him this one
I expected you to send someone to inquire
Now you won't get any real evidence
Wang Yu, I want you to taste the betrayed porcelain bowl too
husband
Am I pretty?
Ah!
Beautiful beautiful beautiful
I'm not cold, don't get my uncle's clothes dirty
how
Don't you like it?
Nope.
You can be less strict with adults in the future.
His fancy little bitch
It was owed to clean up
Don't discipline him well
He is afraid that one day he will climb on my head
We're getting married soon.
Aren't you happy?
How long have we been waiting for this day?
Am I on a business trip?
I'll get engaged when you come back
Then we can get ready for the wedding. Okay
Uncle, let me help you tie the card.